This text file tries to explain how to create a ROMData.dat file
to put in your Quickplay MAME data folder.

You should only attempt this if you feel comfortable with the
Windows Command Prompt.

Prior to doing this you will need the following installed on
your PC:
MAME
Quickplay
ActivePerl

You will also have to setup MAME to run under Quickplay.
It is advised you also have the following up to date files in 
Quickplays "dats" folder: catver.ini & nplayers.ini

Step 1: create the MAME XML info file.
    1.1 mame -listxml > mame_details.xml
    1.2 move the mame_details.xml file to the location of the
        perl script.

Step 2: create an initial Quickplay MAME ROMData.dat file
    2.1 in Quickplay, select your MAME ROMs under the ROMs tab
    2.2 in the ROM list, right click on any ROM and select
        Clear ROM list
    2.3 select the ROMs menu entry and select the Scan for ROMS
    2.4 add all your folders that your MAME ROMs live in to the 
        Folders to Scan box
    2.5 set your System and Emulator drop down boxes for MAME
    2.6 press Scan and your ROMS should now populate the ROM list
    2.7 select the Arcade ROMs menu and select the 
        "Scan Current Folder with catver.ini" submenu. The Game Type
        column should now be filled.
    2.8 select the Arcade ROMs menu and select the
        "Scan Current Folder with NPlayers.ini" submneu. The Players
        column should now be filled.
    2.9 close Quickplay
    2.10 in Quickplays "data" folder there should be a MAME folder
         (I can't be exact as to what this is called, as you named
         it when setting up Quickplay to run MAME). Inside that
         folder should be the ROMData.dat file you need. Be sure to
         chose the MAME folder one, as each emulator that has been
         setup has a ROMData.dat file. Copy the ROMData.dat file to
         the location of the perl script.

Step 3: run the perl script
    3.1 run a windows command prompt and change directories to where
        the perl script is. For example if you placed the perl script
        in C:\MAMEQP, type the following cd C:\MAMEQP
    3.2 make sure in this directory are qp_mame.pl, mame_details.xml
        and ROMData.dat.
    3.3 rename ROMData.dat to ROMData.orig.dat
    3.4 run the following command:
        qp_mame.pl mame_details.xml ROMData.orig.dat
    3.5 the following file should be created: ROMData.dat
    3.6 move the ROMData.dat file over the MAME folders ROMData.dat
        file in the Quickplays data folder.

Step 4: restart Quickplay and check that the MAME ROMs have been
        renamed.

Please be aware the following games may not be able to be played
in Quickplay if you have your MAME ROMs in a split set. If you
are not sure what I mean, you most likely have a split set, as
this is the most common way I have seen MAME ROMs distributed.

calspeda
candance
galpanib
gauntd24
jdreddb
natodefa
vaportrp
wotwc

This is because these games have all their ROMs in the parent set,
and there is no file for them (eg. calspeda.zip). Without a file
there is no way for Quickplay to play these games. You can create
an empty file called calspeda.zip but if you use a ROM management
tool, like clrmamepro, this will remove them as they are
redundant.

